when I was working at Kanoon Farhangi Amoozesh the project was insp.kanoon.ir which is even working today (after how many years? 9 years?). I was on that project from the ground work to testing the software with the customer support team. the tech stack is there in the job description in the resume.  At Imen Rayaneh Amirkabir I was working on something which was BI tool on top of a highly normalized dataset. For simple queries multiple joins between large tables were needed. I designed a warehouse on top of the database and wrote a rest API around that in python usinig django and finally wrote a client side using vuejs which its version 2 at the time and was all the hype. I was basically a full stack engineer in last years of bachelors at the time. Finally I did the national university entrance exam for Master's degree and got accepted into the Artificial Intelligence & Robotics program at Sharif University of technology. During my three years in the master's program, I was mostly focusing on the master's program and getting updated to the immense depth of the AI field but in my last year at my program I started at looking at some part time jobs. One I did at first was a job I did as an ML Engineer at the Hamrah-e-Aval MCI R&D under Dr. Rohban. In there we were testing the deployment of deep learning tasks on distributed compute nodes and large-scale machine learning tasks using spark under different cluster configurations. Another project I was a part of was called gradmaker. This was a project on the subject of multi-tasking in deep learning. We had different image multi-tasking datasets and want to study multi-tasking in this context. I worked with two bachelor students whom prepared their final project on this topic. We developed a novel approach we called gradmaker which used perceptron algorithm to find a good gradient given multiple gradients obtained from the multiple objectives and or datasets. We wrote a paper on it too, and I still its github repo. unfortunately we couldn't get the work published since we coundn't properly evaluate the approach given our limited compute capacity at the time.
